I own and operate an ATM Business, I want to build a back office application to help me manage this business. Here is a better understanding of what I currently do to operate my business. I currently login to three separate web portals to view the status of each of my machines and take down their current cash balances, once I have the cash balances of all machines I determine which machines must be filled today and how much money must be loaded into each of those machines . I then go to the bank to pick up this money and sort through it at home. After sorting the money I plan the most efficient route to drive to fill all of these locations. 
What I want this application to do is to pull in the data from all of the sources. All three portals. I would like to be able to have dashboard with all sorts of reporting such as avg transactions and cash flows daily for the ATM, I would like to set up alerts and flags for errors and low cash balances. I also want to be able to have this app plan routes for me based on which locations need to be filled. I would like for this app to be able to tell me which locations need to be filled and plan the route for me. I want this app to also tell me how much money should be placed in each of the machines based on average transaction amounts daily based on how many days I provide the app (ex. I want to fill this machine for 2 weeks / 14 days so the app would tell me how much money to put into the machine). In addition to this I also want this to completely function as a back office so I want book keeping capabilities, I want to be able to link my financial institutions, my credit cards, etc. I want to be able to do a mileage log and payroll as well. 
There are roughly 80-100 ATMS in service with plans to scale and double that in the near future so I would like the app to be very scaleable, I also would like for other companies to use this so as far as size I would say this is an enterprise app. Routes are statewide / multi state 

The three portals I use to login are the following:
https://www.columbusdata.net/cdswebtool/login/login.aspx
https://www.switchcommerce.net/TMS/Login.aspx
https://portal.atmtransact.com/login


